So let me click on clusters.
And this is my cluster and this cluster is having 2 registered container instances here.
You can see now let me click on services and click on Create.
Launch type EC2 and task definition.
I'm going to choose this one nginx web application 20.
So this task I had created in my previous lecture, and this is the cluster and service name you can
give any name, let me give nginx service demo 20.
So number of tasks here, I'm going to define 4.
So what will happen is going to create 2 containers of nginx web application in this private subnet and
2 containers is going to be created into the another instance of the private subnet.
So here it has taken few health percentage by default.
So take it all default and click on next step.
And here you can see it is providing you all the options for the load balancing.
So let me go with the application load balancer and here I'm going to choose service.
IAM default and this is my application load balancer.
So coming back to this EC2 instance and let me click on my this load balancer, this is my application
load balancer.
Click on this listener and I'm going to delete this listener from here.
So here you can see I have deleted the listener from here and I will define the listener from ECS cluster.
And also I'm going to delete the target groups.
Now we have only the application load balancer.
Now, let me refresh it.
Now, under this application load balancer, you have to first define the service IAM role.
So I've taken the default one and the load balancer name.
I have taken this one and this container to load balance.
So container name and port.
So click on add to load balancer and what port you want.
Your application load balancer should listen.
I'm putting 80.
So I had removed the listener from the application load balancer.
So I'm defining the same from here.
And so this is the target group.
So I already deleted my target group.
So I want a new target group should be created.
So what will happen?
This is going to create a target group and it is going to register all the containers in this target
group as a registered instances.
Next step.
So here we have an option for auto scaling.
So I'm not going to discuss auto scaling.
As of now, click on next step.
So it will provide you a review so you can check the review and finally create service.
So first, it has created your target group and also it has created the listener.
And finally, you can see it has created the service.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.